C-a	Move to beginning of line.
M-m	Move to first non-whitespace character on the line.
C-e	Move to end of line.
C-f	Move forward one character.
C-b	Move backward one character.
M-f	Move forward one word (I use this a lot).
M-b	Move backward one word (I use this a lot, too).
C-s	Regex search for text in current buffer and move to it. Press C-s again to move to next match.
C-r	Same as C-s, but search in reverse.
M-<	Move to beginning of buffer.
M->	Move to end of buffer.
M-g g	Go to line.

C-spc   Create a region
M-x replace-string   replaces one string with another
C-w Kill region.
M-w Copy region to kill ring.
C-y Yank.
M-y Cycle through kill ring after yanking.
M-d Kill word.
C-k Kill line.

C-M-f Move forward by s-expression
C-M-b Move backward by s-expression

C-M-d Move down into a list
C-M-u Move up out of a list

Typing C-M-u and C-M-k for kill-sexp will move up and kill the balanced expression you were just in

on the same nested level
C-M-n Move forward to the next list
C-M-p Move backward to the previous list

M-} Move forward to end of paragraph
M-{ Move backward to start of paragraph


M-a Move to beginning of sentence
M-e Move to end of sentence

C-M-a Move to beginning of defun
C-M-e Move to end of defun


C-x ] Moves forward one page
C-x [ Moves backward one page

C-v Scroll down one page
M-v Scroll up one page
C-M-v Scroll down the other window
C-M-S-v Scroll up the other window

M-< Move to the beginning of the buffer
M-> Move to the end of the buffer

C-u C-<SPC> go back to prev mark

C-x r m Set a bookmark
C-x r l List bookmarks
C-x r b jump to bookmark

C-x r n Store number in register
C-x r s Store region in register
C-x r SPC Store point in register
C-x r + Increment number in register
C-x r j Jump to register
C-x r i Insert content of register
C-x r w Store window configuration in register
C-x r f Store frameset in register


M-n Move to next item in search history
M-p Move to previous item in search history
C-M-i “TAB”-complete search string against previous search ring
C-s C-s Begins Isearch against last searchstring
C-r C-r Begins backward Isearch against last search string

C-w Add word at point to search string
C-M-y Add character at point to search string
M-s C-e Add rest of line at point to search string
M-y Yank (“paste”) from clipboard to search string
M-s c Toggles case-sensitivity
M-s r Toggles regular-expression mode Toggles word mode
M-s w Toggles symbol mode
M-s SPC Toggles lax whitespace matching
